3. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because it is too large.
4. The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because it is too small.

11. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because it was going so fast.
12. The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because it was going so slow.

17. The large ball crashed right through the table because it was made of steel.
18. The large ball crashed right through the table because it was made of styrofoam.

19. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because he is so short.
20. John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because he is so tall.

21. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after he reached the top of the stairs.
22. Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after he reached the bottom of the stairs.

25. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because it wasn't anchored.
26. The sculpture rolled off the shelf because it wasn't level.

27. Sam's drawing was hung just above Tina's and it did look much better with another one below it.
28. Sam's drawing was hung just above Tina's and it did look much better with another one above it.

37. The sack of potatoes had been placed above the bag of flour, so it had to be moved first.
38. The sack of potatoes had been placed below the bag of flour, so it had to be moved first.

43. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until it was empty.
44. I poured water from the bottle into the cup until it was full.

53. The painting in Mark's living room shows an oak tree. It is to the right of the bookcase.
54. The painting in Mark's living room shows an oak tree. It is to the right of a house.

55. There is a gap in the wall. You can see the garden through it.
56. There is a gap in the wall. You can see the garden behind it.

61. There is a pillar between me and the stage, and I can't see around it.
62. There is a pillar between me and the stage, and I can't see it.

67. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put it in the trash.
68. I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put it in the drawer.

71. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that it would be handy.
72. I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that it would be lighter.

73. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because it was too tall.
74. I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because it was too high.

89. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but it was too impatient.
90. The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but it was too cautious.

99. I was trying to open the lock with the key, but someone had filled the keyhole with chewing gum, and I couldn't get it in.
100. I was trying to open the lock with the key, but someone had filled the keyhole with chewing gum, and I couldn't get it out.

101. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. It waited at the bottom.
102. The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. It waited at the top.

103. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get it removed.
104. In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get it repaired.

105. The customer walked into the bank and stabbed one of the tellers. He was immediately taken to the police station.
106. The customer walked into the bank and stabbed one of the tellers. He was immediately taken to the hospital.

117. Joe has sold his house and bought a new one a few miles away. He will be moving out of it on Thursday.
118. Joe has sold his house and bought a new one a few miles away. He will be moving into it on Thursday.

123. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but it was broken, so he had to stand instead.
124. Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but it was broken, so he had to sing instead.

125. Since it was raining, I carried the newspaper in my backpack to keep it dry.
126. Since it was raining, I carried the newspaper over my backpack to keep it dry.

133. Jane knocked on the door, and Susan answered it. She invited her to come out.
134. Jane knocked on the door, and Susan answered it. She invited her to come in.

145. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that she could work.
146. Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that she could sleep.

163. Fred watched TV while George went out to buy groceries. After an hour he got up.
164. Fred watched TV while George went out to buy groceries. After an hour he got back.

173. Look! There is a minnow swimming right below that duck! It had better get away to safety fast!
174. Look! There is a shark swimming right below that duck! It had better get away to safety fast!

183. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. It has a lot of butter in it.
184. I put the cake away in the refrigerator. It has a lot of leftovers in it.

191. We had hoped to place copies of our newsletter on all the chairs in the auditorium, but there were simply not enough of them.
192. We had hoped to place copies of our newsletter on all the chairs in the auditorium, but there were simply too many of them.

193. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, it left a hole.
194. I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, it had a hole.

199. The table won't fit through the doorway because it is too wide.
200. The table won't fit through the doorway because it is too narrow.

223. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, she could see the landing strip.
224. As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, she could see the landing gear.

227. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because he was full.
228. Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because he was hungry.

229. Bill passed the gameboy to John because his turn was over.
230. Bill passed the gameboy to John because his turn was next.

231. The man lifted the boy onto his shoulders.
232. The man lifted the boy onto his bunk bed.

241. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, his legs ached.
242. As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, his legs dangled.

243. The father carried the sleeping boy in his arms
244. The father carried the sleeping boy in his bassinet.

264. Emma did not pass the ball to Janie although she saw that she was open.
265. Emma did not pass the ball to Janie although she was open.

266. I put the butterfly wing on the table and it broke.
267. I put the heavy book on the table and it broke.
